So I don't do psuedo code like they recommend, I prefer full english sentences, because it helps me structure my code without the burder of coding concepts. It is just what I feel is more natural for me.

I know that they think this is "bad" psuedo-code, but I think that their code is too close to _real_ code. If I want to do real code, then I would just type it out. I don't need to say SET total_cost to 0, I know the code that I need to implement to do that.

Psuedo-code for me is about Boiling down highly complex concepts using english and full sentences until I get to a point where it is obvious how I would implement that sentence, not about making code that is one step removed from code.


Calculating a tip.

Read the bill and determine the base cost of the meal.

Take the base cost of the meal, and move the decimal over one position to the left

Store that value as your base tipping amount

Decide if the waiter was excellent or average.

If the waiter was excellent

	Multiply the base tipping amount by 2, storing it as the tip amount

	add the tip amount to the base cost of the meal and store in total meal cost

Otherwise

	Divide the base tipping amount by 2, storing in a half tipping amount

	add the base tipping amount to the half tipping amount and store as total tip amounnt

	add the total tip to the base cost of the meal, to get total meal cost

Record the total tip onto the proper tip line.

Record the total meal cost onto the correct line

Sign the check


Make Coffee in the Morning.

Grab the electric kettle off the stand

Go over to the sink with the electric kettle

Open up the lid to the electric kettle

Fill the kettle with water

Close the lid

Place the electric kettle of the stand

Turn on the electric kettle to have the water begin heating up

While the electric kettle heats the water
	
	Set the Bean grinder to 3 cups of beans

	Set the Bean grinder grind size to "drip filter"

	Press the start button to grind the beans

	Get the Pour over coffee instruments from the drying rack

	place the conical drip filter on the top of the glass container to hold the coffee

	place a coffee filter in the conical drip aparatus

	Pour the ground beans into the filter

While there isn't enough coffee in the container

	pour a slow steady stream of water over the ground beans

	If the filter is too full

		wait until all the water has drained out



Making a Gin and Tonic


Move the gin from the bar shelf to the top of the bar

Move the tonic from below on the bar shelf to the top of the bar

If lime is desired in the G&T
	
	get a lime from the fridge

	cut it into quarters

Get a glass from below the bar, preferably a highball but any glass will do

Use the ice scoop to put a scoop of ice into the glass

Pour 3 onces of Gin over the top of the ice into the glass

Pour 4.5 onces of Tonic over the top of the ice into the glass

If lime is desired in the G&T

	while there isn't enough lime in the drink

		squeeze a quarter of a lime into the drink

stir the drink using the stirrer from the bar

serve the drink to the happy person

